Project committed on Github:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jPYmG-cws3vT0idHN8sUZFASq2-T2IRGz1OXDSG2bgk/edit

I didn't use any tools in the post I wrote before; it was a draft. It's similar to "handwriting," a metaphor. This statement was rewritten and finished on January 16, 2022, and updated on January 22, 2022.

I rewrite things very quickly, so don't worry about that; there won't be any writing issues with my work.

Statement Audio (I recorded the audio on May 7th, 2022):
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1_NaJneoA0KdtLOxSNkWRyoAmAjEwbZMQ/view?usp=sharing

Instagram:
https://www.instagram.com/kerathy_xiaoyan/

Please stop the spam calls and spam emails. Thanks! Furthermore, I have received some unknown calls in the last few months, lasting only one or two seconds, and I have no idea what is going on; please stop bothering me.

### I am not bound to any companies. Any job opportunities are welcome. 

I don't work on C2C now. Get what you deserve. That will slow down my career. I am not responsible for others' lives. I don't help to cover the university admission committee's mistakes. Preventing competency and equality slows down the development of society. Hard work pays off. HR hires employees for the sake of the company's profit—how much you pay, how much effort we put in. 


I am not responsible for others' ICC contracts, no matter who you are, including but not limited to classmates, friends, professors, universities, and so on. I won't choose someone who has had penalty arguments with the ICC and hasn't negotiated well as my future boyfriend. Therefore, it is none of my business. Lawsuits can be filed for that. none of my business. That's very ridiculous if individuals have to be responsible for others' ICC contracts. That should not be related to political issues. Don't take advantage of my U visa issue at the same time.

We have books and the internet. You can learn anything alone.

I don't conduct interviews on behalf of anyone. I say my name in the interview. My voice is easy to recognize. Don't pretend to be me; it's easy to tell. If it involves corruption, that's not something I can control.

On May 7th, 2022, I made the statement (it should have been earlier; perhaps github can show the time; I forgot; it should have been earlier than when I uploaded the audio). Sometimes I update something, and the last updated date is June 14, 2022. I uploaded the audio on May 7, 2022. That's live; you can check my Github history.



### Please do not affect my life or career. There are no restrictions on my career. I like "step by step," and no matter who you are, I don't have any problems. I am not responsible for others' lives.
### Have an impact on others' lives or careers. (Tab: selfish people) None of my business! No matter what kind of decision you make, no one forces you to make it; it is up to you.



### For all the projects I listed on my resume, all of them were finished by me, my project partner, and my professor independently; no one else helped us. If they are used for any inappropriate purposes (university applications, job applications, or commercial purposes), no matter who you are, I will pursue all the losses.

If anyone pretends to be me or my friends to obtain any ICBC information through illegal channels or discloses anything that should not be disclosed, I am not responsible for that. No matter who you are, you should be responsible for your own behavior. I am not responsible for others' lives; it is none of my business, and no solution can be provided! I didn't snitch on anyone, nor did I cooperate with others to snitch on anyone. My family and I did not disclose anything about ICBC (including but not limited to clients' cases or internal stuff) to anyone. I never discussed my job with anyone (including but not limited to family, friends, professors, etc.). During the master's period (master of professional accounting), I wrote a little about ICBC; however, that is not important or confidential. I did not start my dissertation, and I never disclosed anything that should not be disclosed. My friends never discussed their jobs with me after the resignation. Don't affect my career or my family members' careers.


I am unemployed now (since the end of March, which means I don't have any job now, paid or unpaid; I didn't take any university courses after April 2020) and have to find another job as soon as possible. Don't waste my time, and don't affect my career. I promise that if I am involved in any illegal activity, even though I am in the United States, I will cooperate with any investigation. If you think any inappropriate words are used on my LinkedIn profile, please feel free to contact me. This is my LinkedIn profile. https://www.linkedin.com/in/xiaoyanxu123/ From May 2021 to mid-October 2022, I worked for Exa Data Solutions Inc. (I had no formal work for Exa Data Solutions since October 14, 2022, and only worked for Sita Health & Life Science in April 2021). After that, my job is not related to engineering. Now I'm looking for a job that involves programming or software engineering. If the code in my Github repository is used for any inappropriate purposes (I sometimes wrote code overnight and on weekends for Exa Data Solutions and Sita Health & Life Science, which were completed by me alone), I reserve the right to pursue all losses caused by that.



Don't pretend to be me to get any interview opportunities or for any other purposes; that will affect my credit. I only had one interview when I worked for Exa Data Solutions. The company is Ford; that's a Microsoft meeting. The interviewers are two guys; the interview format was pair coding (they told me that was called pair coding), and I almost aced the coding questions; that's live. I am late for the interview. Those were list unit testing coding questions. I didn't have coding questions before. I completed the interview alone. I was asked to show my passport, and I showed it during the interview; I did not wear a face mask and wore makeup during the interview; and I did not receive a job offer. xiaoyanxu77@gmail.com is the gmail account they created for marketing purposes (this is what they mentioned) to help me look for a job when I worked for them (we didn't use it for other purposes), and I am not sure whether it is used for other purposes or not; multiple people can access that account. For Sita Health & Life Science, I didn't have any interviews when I worked for them. If anyone pretended to be me to obtain any interview opportunities while working for them, that is not me. Don't make use of my U visa for any inappropriate purposes when I am looking for a job; don't get what you don't deserve.
 


Don't pretend to be me to get any opportunities (including, but not limited to, job opportunities). In case someone is pretending to be me using those gmail accounts, xuxiaoyan152@gmail.com (the previous one, when I joined the marketing program), and xiaoyanxu726@gmail.com (the current one, after one month of the marketing program), a company called SynergisticIT is helping me find a job to get interview opportunities. I signed up for the marketing program on April 14th, which couldn't stop my unemployment days. The last date for exceeding the unemployment limit is June 4th. I have already applied for a U visa; however, that can't stop my unemployment days, and I am waiting for the receipt notice. I don't have any income now. I have to find another job as soon as possible, so if there are any openings, please feel free to contact me directly at xu05172022@gmail.com. I have to maintain my work authorization status in the United States; those gmail accounts are the ones the company created for me, and I can't access them. That means I can't see what they responded to the recruiter with. Therefore, I am not responsible for their behavior. I will list all the interview opportunities I got through their companies. I've only had a few HR calls and three interviews until now. If someone else is pretending to be me for interviews, that is not me.


1. Chuwaamerica, May 10th, 1:00 p.m. PST

2. New York Life, May 24th, 10:00 a.m. PST, financial-related position
The initial interview position is an engineering-related position. That changed to a financial-related position in the interview process. The interviewer said that was a financial-related position. The last few digits of the Zoom meeting ID are 319734.

3. NTT Data, July 8th, 12:00 a.m. PST
The initial interview appointment time is 11:30 a.m. PST; the actual interview is delayed by 30 minutes; and the meeting ID is 7067688543.

I say my name during the interviews.


I can't reach out to the initial emails HR sent to them; they just forwarded some to me. That means we can't guarantee the information's authenticity; there may be information distortion. Therefore, HR can confirm it directly with me again. just in case of fraud and information distortion.

If there are multiple interviews, I will put a Google link here.

If anyone has any doubts about the Gmail accounts used by ICC, I am unable to log in to xxyxuxiaoyan152@gmail.com and xiaoyanxu726@gmail.com. This account (xiaoyanxu77@gmail.com) could be accessed by multiple people, and if anyone received strange emails from this account, it was not me! Check the account creation time, IP address, and the time you received the email; that should tell you the answer.


In case someone pretends to be me for interview opportunities or for other purposes, you can let them show their passports during the interview session. I can show my passport during the interview, show my passport if I get a job when I am on site, and share my screen to show my Gmail account, xxyxuxiaoyan6@gmail.com, for identification. This gmail account, xuxiaoyan152@gmail.com, is the first gmail account SynergisticIT created when I joined the marketing program; that is what they mentioned. And SynergisticIT created this gmail account, xiaoyanxu726@gmail.com, after one month of the marketing program; that is what they mentioned. SynergisticIT set up xuxiaoyan152@gmail.com and xiaoyanxu726@gmail.com for marketing purposes, but I can't log in to those accounts! If those were used for multiple clients or for other purposes, that is without my permission, no matter who you are. The company mentioned that those were just created for me for marketing purposes. If someone discovers that kind of situation or that these two accounts are used for other purposes, please let me know. I can contact the company in case we have any misunderstandings.

Each client should have their own Gmail account. I cannot log in to those accounts. I am not responsible for the email they replied to or sent. Please send an email to xxyxuxiaoyan6@gmail.com to confirm important information. I have to use my own resume to get the job; do not pretend to be me and use my resume; I apply for formal full-time opportunities at the same time; I don't just apply for contractor jobs; don't affect my career or my credit. If anyone slandered me, maybe they have other unknown purposes, maybe to cover their own inappropriate or illegal issues. I don't want to guess anything, because that is irresponsible. If it is me, I will not do that because I don't have any problems.

If you have money, you can change the rule, but hopefully that will not happen in the United States. Sometimes politics is more horrible because there is an invisible hand, and no matter what you do, the truth will never be discovered. I do not like disgusting stuff. If you believe someone's slander against me solely because of their higher education background, I sympathize with you, and I also sympathize with the previous university they attended. In my opinion, that is an unqualified university; if that slander happened, beware of all of them. I never engage in inappropriate behavior, no matter where I am or what I am doing. I have already made a statement here: if someone got hired by a company using my resume, that is the company's credit issue, and whoever hired that person should also be responsible for that. Maybe they conspired together; beware of all of them (lack of credit) if they quit their job and find new opportunities. If that involves bribery, a lawsuit can be filed for that, even though you don't have a work authorization issue and even though you have a better educational background. I don't think you deserve that.

Sometimes people cannot receive a better education just because they don't have enough funds. A better educational background cannot mean anything. Ethical issues and capability are the most important stuff; if you cannot meet the qualifications, it is time for you to look for a new job. If you receive a better education because of bribery and get a good job because of your better educational background or because you want your higher tuition back, you engage in inappropriate behavior, such as bribery, when you hire people. Or you get a good job because of bribery, and your child can accept a better education because of your salary; don't you think it is weird? I don't want to use other people's resumes, no matter who you are; how could you know whether they are involved in illegal behaviors, such as bribery, or not? After you change your nationality, use other people’s resumes to avoid having their bribery behaviors discovered, get a higher salary, and let more and more people get involved in this kind of stuff, if they didn't know your bribery behaviors before, to help with bribery indirectly, don’t you think it’s weird?


There is another reason I don't allow anyone else to use my resume. If that really happens—using other people's resumes to get a job or a university offer and affecting other people's careers—there is no solution. The only solution is to admit your mistake, no matter who you are; do not affect my career or other people’s careers. I am not responsible for other people’s lives; no matter who you are, everyone should be responsible for their own behavior and decisions. Do you know why that kind of stuff happens? because they have to maintain a university’s reputation. Don’t you think it is ridiculous? Once a student is admitted to a good university, no matter what kind of mistakes they make, they don't have to be responsible for them because their university will cover them. They will sacrifice others' careers at the expense of others’ futures if that is not discovered, just because the university has to maintain its ridiculous reputation. If that kind of stuff happens, I think what that university advocates is that when you get a job, please keep bribing so you can have more money and donate to the university, to guarantee your child can be admitted to a good university again. Sometimes, universities will unite because of politics or some other benefit, to cover the truth or to maintain the university’s ridiculous reputation. Eventually, more and more universities will become ridiculous. Money talks. Don’t you think it is a ridiculous society? What’s the root? Money, benefit, or the university's ridiculous reputation?



I am not authorized to access those gmail accounts SynergisticIT created (even though I requested it multiple times), and they mentioned they had their own networks; the opportunities that came from their channels would be sent to xuxiaoyan152@gmail.com (the first gmail account they created when I joined the marketing program) and xiaoyanxu726@gmail.com (the gmail account they currently use, which they created after one month of the marketing program). I need to find a job as soon as possible, so I created a new account, xu05172022@gmail.com. Email can be sent to this account for any job opportunities, and my resume is attached below: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1peQ2ImqMTU1R6-V4k0WZVey-4oYK5jzjgpwSN29J94g/edit?usp=sharing

I'll notify my company for the sake of our respective careers; don't worry about that.

For job opportunities, you can email me at xu05172022@gmail.com. I signed up for the marketing program with SynergisticIT to help me find a job, not for any other purposes. If anyone uses my resume to work or to receive a job offer, it will reduce my chances of getting a job and affect my credit. Please contact me directly. Don't be selfish; you can use your own resume to get a job. No matter who you are, you don't have the right to affect my career. That is the basic ethical issue. It is impossible for two people using the same resume to get the job offer; that will affect my credit. Use your own; what you are doing now represents the education you received before. If you don't know how to deal with that kind of situation, that is the responsibility of the university you attended before. That is the basic moral issue; that is also your professors' responsibility if you are not educated well. Before learning knowledge, you should learn how to be a moral person. If that kind of situation happens, using other people's resumes to get a job or university offer and affecting other people's careers, I am curious why you were accepted by the university you attended before. Or we can say that you don't deserve that degree; the university you attended before does not meet the qualifications to be a university. If that kind of situation happens, and moreover, if that involves bribery, and you get a job or university offer, that is that company's or that university's credit issue. Also, that is your parents' issue, to educate you to be a moral person. I never recommend anyone join the Indian consulting companies; I am not responsible for that.


Don't pretend to be me to get any opportunities, including but not limited to job opportunities. I don't have an English name. No matter who you are, I will pursue all the losses caused by your pretending, including but not limited to reputation damage and economic losses. I am single. I don't have any ex-boyfriends or kids; I have siblings, a nephew, and a niece. Please don't pose as my ex-boyfriend or someone I previously dated; I have no ex-boyfriend or any dates. I have had blind dates before; there is a Chinese forum used for blind dates, but that was with someone I didn't know. I never met with them in real life. I never met with them online alone, so that means there was no individual video call, no individual Zoom meeting, or anything else with them. I just attended some of the lectures they organized before. They never met with me online; that means there was no individual video call, no individual Zoom meeting, or anything else with them. I don't care about that kind of stuff. I don't have interview questions, but sometimes you can find similar questions in some forums; that's normal and public. I never interfered in other people's relationships, because if someone had a girlfriend, they wouldn't find a girlfriend in a WeChat group or post their posts on that forum, unless for some other reason. Maybe that is their conspiracy—to cover up something or obtain something they don't deserve. I didn't get involved in their conspiracy. Sometimes, when their conspiracy is discovered, in order to cover it up, they will try to get more and more people involved, even sacrificing other people's careers and lives; they don't care. I don't accept polygamy, bigamy, or someone who is divorced, so don't worry about that. No matter who you are, you should not have any concerns while working with me. I respect others' religions and choices.

Because if more and more people are involved in that conspiracy, it will become more and more difficult to solve. Very terrible. If it's me, I'll avoid them because you never know when the next conspiracy will occur or when they'll ruin your career. Everything will be fine if all parties fulfill their own duties and responsibilities and do not get involved in illegal or immoral issues, if you are not greedy, and if you do not engage in direct or indirect bribery. none of my business. I have never interfered in other people's relationships; please don't use this as an excuse to gain anything you don't deserve. I have not engaged in any illegal conduct, including but not limited to corruption and bribery, nor have I engaged in any unethical conduct or immoral behaviors. My family has not received any illegal benefits because of my job, and I didn't disclose anything to them. They didn't benefit from me because of any information related to my previous job at ICBC. And they did not receive any illegal benefits. I know what is legal, what is illegal, what is risky, and what is not risky; if anyone has any concerns about my family, please feel free to contact me; I can give a detailed explanation. If you don't know or don't have enough knowledge and experience to judge something, please ask your professors or an experienced person first. If you don't know the definition of some terminology, please Google it. Thanks! Firstly, I am financially independent. Secondly, I don't think anyone has the right to investigate my family if we didn't involve ourselves in illegal activities. If just because someone has doubts about my family, you say some irresponsible stuff, does that mean if I have any doubts about you or your family, they can be investigated as well, even though they didn't engage in any illegal activities? Does that sound funny? Furthermore, I highly suggest that if someone has any doubts, please do some research on China’s accounting policies and on China’s microeconomics and macroeconomics. Then you will know what is going on.


I didn't sign any non-competition clauses, and I didn't get involved in any dangerous or confidential stuff in my previous job. There are no restrictions on my career, whether I am in China or the United States. If anyone has any concerns, please feel free to contact me. My family paid for our own education, including, but not limited to, studying abroad. The master's degree I dropped out of before in China was just because I got an offer from Utah State University and I wanted to study in the United States; there was no other reason. I can provide all the formal contracts, offer letters, and resignation letters. For all the jobs I did before, I resigned from them; if any proof is needed, please let me know. I emailed ICBC before, but nobody replied to me. When I resigned my job, I didn't have any problems. After my resignation, no other employees contacted me later. Except for an employee from the HR department who contacted me and mentioned there was a supplemented resignation document that needed to be mailed back and that you just needed to sign a signature and mail it back with a blank page. She mentioned that's the normal procedure. They didn't mention anything else. I think I should not have any problems. For the job in China, an email can be sent to get their formal confirmation; the email address is HR@us.icbc.com.cn. If anyone pretends to be me, you can ask them to provide formal contracts. One position should correspond to one formal contract. What's more, you can ask them to provide their identification card. Even though they change their nationality, a certificate issued by China's notary office can be requested. Payroll records and provident fund records can also be requested as proof of job experience in China. In the United States, you can ask them to provide offer letters, payroll records, and so on. ICBC has my fingerprint records, so if someone pretends to be me, if necessary, we can do fingerprint recognition. If someone gets hired using my resume, HR should be responsible for that. none of my business.



I guarantee that I didn't disclose anything that shouldn't be disclosed, including but not limited to client cases and internal situations. But I don't exclude the possibility that someone obtains information through illegal channels and, in order to pretend to be me, discloses information that should not be disclosed. Especially with my work experience in China, my previous employer has the right to pursue corporate reputation damage because of your pretending, no matter who you are. I never allow anyone, including but not limited to classmates, friends, professors, or any companies, to use my resume to pretend to be me for any university application or job application. If someone used my resume, he or she should be a liar. They should be responsible for their own behavior. Please don't be selfish. Don't get what you don't deserve at the cost of others' credit. Please don't affect my career, my work authorization, or my credit in the United States. I never agree with anyone pretending to be me; no matter who you are, that will affect my credit. Also, that is illegal. If any lawsuit is filed because of corporate reputation damage, I will cooperate with any investigation; please feel free to contact me.


Some recruiters have received the PDF of my passport, visa, EAD, and certificate of master's degree before. China may have the PDF of my identification card, but they don't have the original ones; therefore, you can let them show the original ones if someone pretends to be me. However, all of them can sometimes be counterfeited. If anyone discovers someone pretending to be me, please let me know. I will take legal action. Furthermore, this is my previous leetcode account username: plmoknijb. I changed the username on July 27th, 2022. I don't want my Leetcode history to be tracked. Therefore, I changed that. I haven't recorded any videos about solving leetcode questions with this account, plmoknijb, but I have done an interview about solving leetcode questions with this account once before, when I signed up for a marketing program with SynergisticIT. Just once, a company's interview opportunity from the SynergisticIT channel. I didn't remember that company's name. just in case of fraud. That's a Zoom meeting. So the interview date should be after April 14th, 2022, but before July 27th, 2022.


Also, I did a home assignment while applying for an Uber contractor position, and that's about the NYC Green Taxi Dataset. I committed that to my Github. If any of them are used for inappropriate purposes, I will take legal action. All my experiences, whether paid or unpaid, are already listed on my LinkedIn profile, and as far as I am concerned, a few people abroad have had a similar experience with me. So if HR receives a similar resume, it is likely to be a fake one. I strongly recommend that they verify it. If any assistance is needed, please feel free to contact me. No matter what you do or where you are, if it is counterfeit, it will be discovered eventually. Don't pretend to be me. But if ICBC allows that kind of behavior, that will never be discovered. I no longer work for them; it is up to them. Don't use mine; use others'. If ICBC allows that kind of behavior, I am not responsible for ICBC's behavior; I have to guarantee that my profile doesn't have any problems. Don't affect my credit. I have a long way to go in the United States, even in the world. If they allow that kind of behavior, you can add any experience to your resume; that will not cause any problems. if my later visa has any issues because of ICBC's irresponsible behavior. I think USCIS will deal with that kind of situation; that’s a political issue, and that's not something that I can control. As long as it doesn't affect my life, my family, my credit, my career path, or my visa, I don't care how ICBC solves those kinds of issues if they were allowed before; that is not my responsibility. Those are global political issues. That is beyond my control.


I don't plan to work in China; I plan to have my career in the United States. No matter if it's full-time or hired in other ways, there are no restrictions on me. If someone pretends to be me and it was allowed by ICBC before, ICBC should be responsible for solving that kind of issue; that is the basic enterprise’s responsibility and their credit issue. none of my business. No matter who you are, everyone is equal in the United States. If that really happens and affects my career, if ICBC can't solve that, at least China should be responsible for solving that, not at the cost of my career. If that is accepted by Chinese officials, this should be related to global political issues, and if that is not discovered, they will never do fingerprint recognition; I mean, if that's not discovered, it is a piece of cake. Because that will cost a lot of time and money, it is unnecessary for them to correct a mistake. Sometimes they don't even know that's a mistake. It is possible for two people with the same resume to get the same job, even if they are in the same company, position, and location. There is no need to do extra stuff. They don't care about this kind of trifle. If that's discovered, that will ruin a company. But if that's permitted because of global political issues, that's fine. But I don't know who has the power to do this kind of stuff. Usually, a company will not take this kind of risk. 


Usually, that involves bribery. If they used mine before, just delete it and replace it with others' resumes that correspond to the passport and work authorization they provided. I never get involved in this kind of conspiracy. If it involves global political issues, I believe that is standard procedure. However, global political issues don't tolerate bribery. If they plan to use a fake one to get a job, it means they don't care about their career, which means it doesn't matter what kind of resume they have or what kind of resume they used before. Modify their resume in the HR system and replace it with others' resumes that correspond to the passport and work authorization they provided. That should have been allowed by the passport owner before. maybe because of money. The company that hired them before should be held accountable for correcting that mistake. I don't work with people who are involved in bribery. It's none of my business. If they negotiated before, all of them should be responsible for that. I don't work with fakers. That's a risk for me. If that's not for money, what kind of stuff can they achieve? If you have no experience listed on your resume, there will be an obvious gap. Unless they're on maternity leave, they're on sick leave. Unless they don't use LinkedIn. Only small companies will make these kinds of mistakes. But if it's just small companies' opportunities, it doesn't deserve to take such a big risk. The only possibility is that they engaged in bribery or violated China's bottom line before. Or they are indirectly aiding bribery. C2C companies have this kind of opportunity, especially for remote jobs. I never participated in their conspiracy before, so don't use my resume. I don't suggest that companies work with them, even for profit. If someone has engaged in bribery or violated China's bottom line before, that means they are banned by big companies.


There's no operation risk, if that's allowed by global political issues. You know, not all of us are equal. Companies' HR systems are similar. Ignore it; that can't solve the issue. Replace someone else's resume that corresponds to the passport and work authorization they provided before; that should work. If that was successful before, I think there's someone whose name is the same as mine. She should be responsible for that conspiracy. She must be involved in bribery, or maybe she didn't know before and was taken advantage of by people who were involved in bribery before. Without a passport and work authorization, it is impossible to succeed. After replacing her resume, I don't suggest cooperation anymore. Typically, formal companies will not choose to suffer such a big risk because that will ruin a company. If that happens, she must be involved in that conspiracy; just replace her resume. If someone is not responsible for their life, life will teach you how to be responsible for yourself later. Unless they have a desire for something else, I am not responsible for others’ lives. Don't try to modify my career path because someone else used my resume before. If someone used mine before, replace the resume with the one that corresponds to the passport and work authorization they provided before. I have a long way to go in the United States. If someone pretends to be me, obtains information through illegal channels, and discloses anything that should not be disclosed, the only reason they will sacrifice my career is to obtain the wealth they don't deserve; this is pure speculation; maybe they need a scapegoat. Don't use mine; we have fingerprint recognition, and there's a life-threatening risk. There is a life-threatening risk if that involves pretending and massive profit. If it's about a resume, replace yours; if it's about photos, take yours. If someone looks like me, that should not be an issue; you take yours. I just shared my photos with some people for online blind dates before, and I demonstrated the details on my resume link, the footers. There are selfies inside. That's very ridiculous if someone uses my selfies for inappropriate purposes.


Now I have already clarified all my working experience on my LinkedIn profile, so that will not affect me. They will find another scapegoat. Once I get everything back on track, I have to look for full-time jobs at the same time. If anyone has used my resume before, I didn't allow anyone to use mine before. No matter who you are, please email ICBC to explain what you’ve done before. No matter where you are, inform your company’s HR directly and maybe negotiate whether you should return your salary or not. If the company hired the employee using my resume before, please email ICBC to explain the issue. If that happens, I have no idea how that works. Maybe that involves bribery because the hiring process should include receiving their passports and work authorization documents. If that kind of bribery is allowed in the company, that's the CEO's problem. To make matters worse, those are global political issues. Please don't affect me. I am not bound to any companies. If a company or an individual uses my resume for inappropriate purposes—for wealth or something else—I am not sure whether this company will be investigated or not in the future. I didn't allow that before. If you obtain something you don't deserve, return it. One generation destroys three generations. The only reason they would not use their own resumes is that they were involved in bribery before, or at least they violated China's bottom line before. Don't use mine. I don't want to be investigated because of others' bribery behavior. I was never involved in this kind of stuff or helping with bribery indirectly before.






### The projects listed below are what I did during my master's degree. Furthermore, I have another natural language processing project while working as a graduate assistant. Because some recruiters and someone else received my resume before, if anyone, except for my university's class project partner, uses them for job applications or other purposes, please let me know. I don't allow anyone else to use my projects. No matter who you are, I will pursue all the losses caused by your pretending.


If you come across this kind of situation, you can notify HR directly to maintain a fair competitive environment in the United States. I have to guarantee my resume will not be rejected because someone else uses my projects. If any proof is needed, please message me on LinkedIn. The hiring committee has the right to retract any job offer or any university offer because of pretending.


#### Book Brainiacs (C#, ASP.NET, ADO.NET, and Ajax) (USU Class Project) (Fall 2018) (one project partner)<br/>
•	Designed and implemented shopping cart features, including the function for customers to browse books.<br/>
• Enabled customers to update their profile information and provide contact information.<br/>
• Allowed the administrator to manage user roles, book category information, and contact information.<br/>
Audio: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1c2eFn6IwYBb3h2rXL7HNOejdbMo9NZov/view?usp=sharing


#### PHP Website (PHP, MongoDB, XAMPP) (USU Class Project) (Fall 2019)<br/>
• Set up and populate a MongoDB collection. We built a script that restricted access to the valid users we created in the collection. All passwords in the users' collections were encrypted.<br/>
• Built a logout script that cleared all sessions and cookies. controls were returned to the login page.<br/>
• Verified administrative users and created logic for adding, updating, and deleting users.<br/>
• Used reCaptcha to capture Google's response in order to distinguish humans from robotic software programs.<br/>

#### What impact does language have on source quality? (USU Class Project) (Spring 2019) (one project partner)<br/>
• Extracted data from 121,298 files in 135 public repositories on GitHub.<br/>
• Created custom feature extractors for each language using publicly available ANTLR4 grammars.<br/>
• Derived some extra features from the dataset.<br/>
• Provided insights into the strengths and weaknesses of various languages that are commonly used by a typical engineering team in the real world.<br/>
Audio: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1SMXjyJUZr3t-THqSjBUBOGmvDpPW5bjY/view?usp=sharing


#### Also, I have two other private class projects from May 2020 to June 2020, just for more job opportunities at that time.
#### Twitter Stream Processor (Spark, Python, JavaScript)<br/>
• Built a data ingestion layer with an external Twitter API.<br/>
• Processed Twitter hashtags using a real-time processor, Spark.<br/>
• Visualized the results for 1% of all public tweets using Ajax and JavaScript.<br/>
• Google Cloud Platform deployment and configuration to support external viewing.<br/>

#### Real-time Sentiment Analysis (Spark, Kafka, Python)<br/>
• Implemented an event queuing layer to ensure stable data flow and system reliability using Kafka.<br/>
• Set up a monitor with Spark (60 tweets per second) for positive and negative sentiment.<br/>
• Visualized the trends with Python for real-time positive and negative sentiment.<br/>

#### Another two personal projects:
#### Spring Boot - Thymeleaf - CRUD Database Real-Time Project (Udemy Course)<br/>
• Used the Service Layer design pattern to create a controller to handle web browser requests.<br/>
• Integrated Repository to execute CRUD actions with Spring Data JPA.<br/>
• Created Thymeleaf templates to display database results.<br/>
• Beautify Thymeleaf templates with Bootstrap CSS.<br/>

#### A Restaurant Search App (Udemy Course)<br/>
• Created app screen layout using React Native.<br/>
• Created reusable components, hooks for screen navigation, context, and react navigation.<br/>
• Made a request to run restaurant searches with the Yelp API and Axios.<br/>
• Visualized the real-time results of various restaurants as well as their detailed information across multiple screens.<br/>

Actually, I rarely talk about my career, my life, or my family with other people. It is not surprising that they don't know about me. Some of them I haven't contacted or met for more than a decade or even longer. I don't know their jobs or lives either. It's not surprising that they don't know my lives and jobs. I am not responsible for others' behaviors, no matter who you are. If they don't know and just guess based on my resume, it's no big deal. If anyone has any concerns, feel free to contact me. It is unnecessary to explain the work I did previously at ICBC to anyone else. If you have never worked for a bank before, it is normal that you don't know what is going on; it's no big deal. Everyone’s career path is different; they may just guess what I did before by looking at others' career paths. Again, I am not responsible for others' careers and lives.

If anyone has any concerns, please feel free to contact me on LinkedIn. The link attached below contains my resume, an explanation of selife, and selfie sketches.

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1peQ2ImqMTU1R6-V4k0WZVey-4oYK5jzjgpwSN29J94g/edit?usp=sharing



A Chinese proverb:君子坦荡荡，小人长戚戚;


